Capri.md, before:

# Red Sails to Capri
## Capitulum secunda (II)
1. Why cant Michele go to naples?  
Beacause he is to busy.
2. Why would the name capri,or goat,be appropriate for a mountainous island?  
Beacause they are on a mountain and they need to walk like a goat.  
## Capitulum tertium (III)
Why does macaroni stick to the bottom of the pan?  
Mama said that "it sticks to the pan because it is really jealous".  
##  Capitulum quartum (IV)
How does michele veiw the steps to anacapri?  
Lord derby does'nt think they are beatiful but in his picture they are beatiful.  
## Capitulum quintum (V)  
What does this sentence mean?  
Walked in circles on the floor like an animal.

What comes with the price a fishermens boat?  
His fish, his love of the whole sea, the wind, excitement, danger and his family in the haul. Yes, the fisherman likes his job.

How does the cove relate to philosophy?  
It relates because they are telling  the truth about it.  

## Capitulum sextum (VI)

What is angelos opinion of "smart fool"?  
His opinion is that nothing is dangerous to them, they will do anything.  
Why do the people of capri not mention the cove?  
Because they have never seen it in a long time.  

## Capitulum septimum  (VII)  

Why does signora pagano decide to stay in bed?  
She does it because if she refuses, the others will not go to the cove.

Why is it important to take michele to the cove?  
Because michele had never been on an adventure before so Signor Pagano  takes him.  
## Capitulum octavum  (VIII)  

What does mama mean?  
It means  it takes  more bravery to do what is right than do what exepected.  

Why does angelo decide to go at noon to the cove?  
Because there are no boats in the noon and nobody knows.

Commit message:

capitulum secundum ad capitulum decimum

Capri.md, after:

# Red Sails to Capri
## Capitulum secundum (II)
1. Why cant Michele go to naples?  
Beacause he is to busy.
2. Why would the name capri,or goat,be appropriate for a mountainous island?  
Beacause they are on a mountain and they need to walk like a goat.  
## Capitulum tertium (III)
Why does macaroni stick to the bottom of the pan?  
Mama said that "it sticks to the pan because it is really jealous".  
##  Capitulum quartum (IV)
How does michele veiw the steps to anacapri?  
Lord derby does'nt think they are beatiful but in his picture they are beatiful.  
## Capitulum quintum (V)  
What does this sentence mean?  
Walked in circles on the floor like an animal.

What comes with the price a fishermens boat?  
His fish, his love of the whole sea, the wind, excitement, danger and his family in the haul. Yes, the fisherman likes his job.

How does the cove relate to philosophy?  
It relates because they are telling  the truth about it.  

## Capitulum sextum (VI)

What is angelos opinion of "smart fool"?  
His opinion is that nothing is dangerous to them, they will do anything.  
Why do the people of capri not mention the cove?  
Because they have never seen it in a long time.  

## Capitulum septimum  (VII)  

Why does signora pagano decide to stay in bed?  
She does it because if she refuses, the others will not go to the cove.

Why is it important to take michele to the cove?  
Because michele had never been on an adventure before so Signor Pagano  takes him.  
## Capitulum octavum  (VIII)  

What does mama mean?  
It means  it takes  more bravery to do what is right than do what exepected.  

Why does angelo decide to go at noon to the cove?  
Because there are no boats in the noon and nobody knows.   

## Capitulum nonum  

What does that mean?  
He had been waiting for things.  

Why does michele ask if pietro can come too?  
Because he wanted a freind with him.  
## Capitulum decimum  

What does this mean?  
The plans were said so they decided to stop talking.  

What did they each find?  
Treasure, beauty and truth.  

Of what was the journey just the beginning?  
The whole town of capri wanted to see the cove.
